### Responsible Persons

| Service                                        | Responsible Person                       | Comments                               |
|------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| S1 - CEEDS Participants Registry               | Benjamin Ellmer / Florian Weingartshofer |                                        |
| S2 - European Vocabulary Hub                   | Dragos-Constantin Stoica (LNDS)          | Together with Benjamin, Wout, and Tom√© |
| S3 - European Reference Data Registry          | Dragos-Constantin Stoica (LNDS)          | Taken over from Bruno Pacheco          |
| S5 - Service Level Overview                    | ???                                      |                                        |
| S6 - European Interoperability Testing Service | Fabio Coelho (INESC TEC)                 |                                        |

### 2026-01-23 Weekly meeting

## Kickoff Meetings

### S2 - European Vocabulary Hub

- Dragos presented a very good initial work on the templates
- The subgroup will include the lead of T2.5 (Information Model Engineering) - Wout van Voornfeldt - at have their kickoff at 11.00h
- We agreed to take out too specific details on information models and that the focus should be on presenting European and national information models, with some examples in the specification for how to manage them.

### S3 - European Reference Data Registry

- we clarified some initial tasks, and agreed to include Stefan Gruenberger and Shievam Kashyap in the Specification activities

### S6 - Interoperability and Testing Service

- Great presentation on the initial works of the group by Fabio Coelho
- Working on clarifications of the purpose of the service
- it was decided to create a link with Data4Energy with Angela Berger, who is leading the respective subgroup in D4E
- Fabio will continute with weekly meetings and include a small group of contributors

On a more generic level, we will include the task lead of T2.6 - Security (Aya Mohammed) in the Conceptualisation Task meetings.

### 2026-01-16 Weekly meeting
Next Steps:
- Georg and Benjamin will work on a more detailed template for the service descriptions
- Kick-off Meetings will be scheduled with responsible persons

#### Main Actionables of this meeting:

- Update about discussions from SSEG: main focus on S1, S2, S3 and S7 until GA
- Introduction of new T2.2 participant: Menno Kroes
- Progress Updates on S1 and S2
  - S1: Textual Description of Service Level Viewpoint, IAM Strategy Proposal for D4E initialized in project EDDIE
  - S2: Insight to promising work in-progress by Dragos, EU Vocabularies, Semantic Treehouse, Schema Definitions, Ontologies
- Discussion about further responsibilities
  - S3: Responsibility from Bruno goes to Dragos
  - S7: Lead or contribution by Ferdinando Bosco

### 2026-01-09 Weekly meeting

Template for the operating services descriptions can be found at:
- https://github.com/INSIEME-Energy/architecture/blob/main/docs/meta-level-operating-services/european-reference-data-registry/european-reference-data-registry.md

Next Steps:
- Operating Service descriptions on the business layer
- When finished, will be handed to the development (WP3) team to be described on the technical layer

Main focus for now: S1, S2, S3

S1 (CEEDS Participants Registry): Ask for responsible in follow-up Mail (fallback Florian and Benjamin)
S2 (European Vocabulary Hub): Dragos Constantin (with help of Wout and Tome Ferrera)
S3 (European Reference Data Registry): No responsible yet - it was LNDS before
S6 (European Interoperability Testing Service): Fabio from Inestec

#### Mein Actionables of this meeting:

Group welcomes the approach and acknowledges way of working.

* S1 conceptualisation with start with date for first draft end of Jan
* S2 starts with date for first draft end of Jan
* S3 new leadership to be found
* S6 to be started next week

